I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that
A circle has no end.
Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.
I won't assimilate you.
Live long and prosper.
Make it so, mr. Data.
Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they choose and excluding that which is painful.
Live now. Make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.
Apes. Together. Strong.
May the force be with you.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
Few can foresee wither their road will lead them, till they come to its end.
Even the smallest person can change the course of history.
It's the job that's never started that takes longest to finish.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Home is now behind you. The world is ahead.
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
There is no spoon.
Once you grow crops somewhere, you have officially "colonised" it.
"A perfect rock!" he said. He threw it. Eons later, that was still the rock's favorite day.
When we go back in, it will be the saddest moment in our lives.
We can’t see the Great Wall from here.
From out here international politics look so petty. Grab a politician by the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out and say, “Look at that, you son of a bitch”.
We have your satellite. If you want it back send 20 billion in Martian money. No funny business or you will never see it again.
Contact light.
It’s a fixer-upper of a planet but we could make it work.
I say, this has really been drama of the highest order.
Failure is not an option.
Houston, we have a problem.
The probability of success is difficult to estimate; but if we never search the chance of success is zero.
The ultimate aim of all science to penetrate the unknown.
Our passionate preoccupation with the sky, the stars, and a God somewhere in outer space is a homing impulse. We are drawn back to where we came from.
Most Jupiter-sized planets orbit the mother star in a highly elliptical orbit. Thankfully Jupiter doesn’t.
You don't have to go into outer space to write about an astronaut.
Did you know Saturn rings are composed entirely of lost airline luggage?
The Universe is under no obligation to make sense to us.
I would like to die on another planet. Just not on impact.
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle is still flying.
The stars don't look bigger from here, but they do look brighter.
After one look at Tera any visitor from outer space would say “I want to see the manager”.
Neutron stars can spin at a rate of 600 rotations per second.
All of space is completely silent.
The Apollo astronauts' footprints on the moon will probably stay there for at least 100 million years.
99% of the Solar system's mass is the sun.
If two pieces of the same type of metal touch in space, they will bond and be permanently stuck together.
 
